docs: clarify subscription config (#5311)
apollographql/router: docs/source/executing-operations/subscription-support.mdx

        path: /subscriptions # The absolute URL path to use for subgraph subscription endpoints (Default: /ws)
      subgraphs: # Overrides subscription settings for individual subgraphs
        reviews: # Overrides settings for the 'reviews' subgraph

>           path: /ws # Absolute path that overrides the '/subscriptions' path defined above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          path: /ws # Absolute path that overrides the preceding '/subscriptions' path for 'all'
```

          protocol: graphql_ws # The WebSocket-based subprotocol to use for subscription communication (Default: graphql_ws)
          heartbeat_interval: 10s # Optional and 'disable' by default, also supports 'enable' (set 5s interval) and custom values for intervals, e.g. '100ms', '10s', '1m'.
```

This example enables subscriptions in **passthrough mode**, which uses long-lived WebSocket connections.

<Note>

- Each `path` must be set as an absolute path. For example, given `http://localhost:8080/foo/bar/graphql/ws`, set the path configuration as `path: "/foo/bar/graphql/ws"`.
- Subgraph path configurations override the path configuration for `all` subgraphs.

> - If your subgraph implementation (e.g. [DGS](https://netflix.github.io/dgs/)) can close idle connections, set `heartbest_interval` to keep the connection alive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your subgraph implementation (e.g. [DGS](https://netflix.github.io/dgs/)) can close idle connections, set `heartbeat_interval` to keep the connection alive.
```
